Update Java SDK docs to 3.0 (#2239)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/java/guides/log4j2/index.mdx

    <version>{{ packages.version('sentry.java', '3.0.0') }}</version>
</dependency>
```

```groovy {tabTitle:Gradle}
implementation 'io.sentry:sentry-log4j2:{{ packages.version('sentry.java', '3.0.0') }}'
```

```scala {tabTitle: SBT}
libraryDependencies += "io.sentry" % "sentry-log4j2" % "{{ packages.version('sentry.java', '3.0.0') }}"
```

For other dependency managers see the [central Maven repository](https://search.maven.org/artifact/io.sentry/sentry-log4j2).

### Usage

The following example configures a `ConsoleAppender` that logs to standard out at the `INFO` level and a `SentryAppender` that logs to the Sentry server at the `ERROR` level. The `ConsoleAppender` is only provided as an example of a non-Sentry appender that is set to a different logging threshold, like one you may already have in your project.

Example configuration using the `log4j2.xml` format:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<Configuration status="warn" packages="org.apache.logging.log4j.core,io.sentry.log4j2">
    <Appenders>
        <Console name="Console" target="SYSTEM_OUT">
            <PatternLayout pattern="%d{HH:mm:ss.SSS} [%t] %-5level %logger{36} - %msg%n"/>
        </Console>

>         <!-- NOTE: Replace the test DSN below with YOUR OWN DSN to see the events from this app in your Sentry project/dashboard -->
>         <Sentry name="Sentry"
>                 dsn="https://9eda1857f9344d51821b656ba3557780@o420886.ingest.sentry.io/5339853" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <Sentry name="Sentry"
                dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___" />
```

    </Appenders>
    <Loggers>
        <Root level="info">
            <AppenderRef ref="Sentry"/>
            <AppenderRef ref="Console"/>
        </Root>
    </Loggers>
</Configuration>
```

### DSN Configuration

Note that **you need to configure your DSN** (client key).

```xml

> <!-- NOTE: Replace the test DSN below with YOUR OWN DSN to see the events from this app in your Sentry project/dashboard -->
> <Sentry name="Sentry"
>         dsn="https://9eda1857f9344d51821b656ba3557780@o420886.ingest.sentry.io/5339853" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Sentry name="Sentry"
        dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___" />
```

### Minimum Log Level

Two log levels are used to configure this integration (see options below). One will configure the lowest level required for a log message to become an event (`minimumEventLevel`) sent to Sentry. The other option (`minimumBreadcrumbLevel`) configures the lowest level a message has to be to become a breadcrumb. Breadcrumbs are kept in memory (by default the last 100 records) and are sent with events. For example, by default, if you log 100 entries with `logger.info` or `logger.warn`, no event is sent to Sentry. If you then log with `logger.error`, an event is sent to Sentry which includes those 100 `info` or `warn` messages. For this to work, `SentryAppender` needs to receive **all** log entries in order to decide what to keep as breadcrumb or sent as event. Make sure to set the `SentryAppender` log level configuration to a value lower than what you set for the `minimumBreadcrumbLevel` and `minimumEventLevel` to make sure `SentryAppender` receives these log messages.

```xml

> <!-- NOTE: Replace the test DSN below with YOUR OWN DSN to see the events from this app in your Sentry project/dashboard -->
> <!-- Setting minimumBreadcrumbLevel modifies the default minimum level to add breadcrumbs from INFO to DEBUG  -->
> <!-- Setting minimumEventLevel the default minimum level to capture an event from ERROR to WARN  -->
> <Sentry name="Sentry"
>         dsn="https://9eda1857f9344d51821b656ba3557780@o420886.ingest.sentry.io/5339853"
>         minimumBreadcrumbLevel="DEBUG"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Setting minimumBreadcrumbLevel modifies the default minimum level to add breadcrumbs from INFO to DEBUG  -->
<!-- Setting minimumEventLevel the default minimum level to capture an event from ERROR to WARN  -->
<Sentry name="Sentry"
        dsn="___PUBLIC_DSN___"
        minimumBreadcrumbLevel="DEBUG"
```

        <Sentry name="Sentry"
                dsn="https://9eda1857f9344d51821b656ba3557780@o420886.ingest.sentry.io/5339853" />
    </Appenders>
    <Loggers>
        <Root level="info">
            <AppenderRef ref="Sentry"/>
            <AppenderRef ref="Console"/>
        </Root>
    </Loggers>
</Configuration>
```

### DSN Configuration

Note that **you need to configure your DSN** (client key).

```xml
<!-- NOTE: Replace the test DSN below with YOUR OWN DSN to see the events from this app in your Sentry project/dashboard -->
<Sentry name="Sentry"
        dsn="https://9eda1857f9344d51821b656ba3557780@o420886.ingest.sentry.io/5339853" />
```

If the DSN is configured using system property or the environment variable, it is possible to use [Log4j2 capabilities](https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/manual/configuration.html) to set it on `SentryAppender`.

Following example shows how to configure DSN from `SENTRY_DSN` the system property.

```xml
<Sentry name="Sentry"
        dsn="${sys:SENTRY_DSN}" />
```

Following example shows how to configure DSN from `SENTRY_DSN` the environment variable.

```xml
<Sentry name="Sentry"
        dsn="${env:SENTRY_DSN}" />
```

> ### Minimum log level

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Minimum Log Level
```
